// Contains list of short tips used to be displayed in Mobile version
// one line one tip :)

Scrap your items to get tech scraps, then reverse engineer them to gain printing exp.
You can sell your items in the player market.
Your crafting ranks cannot exceed your level; don't waste time doing crafting research when you're capped.
Your HP replenish automatically after each battle, unless you're in a dungeon!
You always attack first; make good use of that advantage!
You can repair all your damaged equipped gear at the Weaponsmith.
Your inventory has a storage limit; keep an eye on it or you will lose loot.
Shields regenerate after you defeat an enemy in a dungeon.
You can do reverse engineering at [JOB HUB].
You can skip waiting time by watching an ad.
You can skip/refresh random quests by watching ads.
"Trash" quality equipment is still useful for getting tech scraps and gaining printing exp.
No friends online to help with that dungeon quest? Try posting your Dungeon ID in the chat!
Craft Pain Away to be able to recover health between fights in dungeons.
In the chat terminal, type @ to mention another player.
Dungeons are a great source for AI Cores and Hash Processors.
Scavenge to find components for crafting ammo and medicine.
Printing always results in items the same level as your printing rank.
Beware of enemies with extra description such as tough, angry or shielded.
Secret keys are needed to access higher level stations; search dungeons for their fragments!
There's a tutorial under the 'Me' tab (browser) and at 'Profile' (mobile).
Detach upgrade modules when switching equipped gear to make available for the new gear.
Gear and upgrades "of expansion" increase your inventory size!
Some medicines such as Pain Away Spray heal your teammates as well!
BTC in this game isn't redeemable, it's just in game currency. :'(
Don't forget to send a thank you to @DexterHuang in chat for making this game.
You can store excess upgrade modules in high-quality pocketed equiptment to save inventory space.
Dying a lot? Level up your printing rank to your player rank then print new equiptment!
Feeling faint? Stop playing for five minutes and get some food.
Don't forget to drink!
Confused about the cache that just fell into your hand? Go to the 3D printer and make some gear.
Equippment cache comes in 5 rarities: Trash, Common, High Quality, Legendary and Epic.
You can access the mobile version of the game from your computer, go to cybercodeonlone.com and shrink the browser window!
We also have a desktop version of this game at cybercodeonline.com !
Remember the CCO mantra: Hit, Heal, Hit, Heal.
Want to level up a skill and got some time to spare? Pick up an odd job in the Commerical area.
Like the game?? Be sure to leave a review on the Apple store or the Google Play store!
Study shows that mobs with the "Agile" tag grants more xp.
Not leveling as fast as you like? Try dungeon diving! (You get 2.5x more xp)
Always carry medical parts and ammo parts on you so you can craft more while in a dungeon.
Go ahead. Hand our awesome dev Dexter Huang that potato.
Look at this tips bar down here. We have some awesome tips for you.
It's customary to go clockwise in public dungeons.
Before going in a dungeon, remember to always have equipped some medical supplies.
Want better medicine and ammo? Level up your 'Medical Science' and 'Ammo Crafting' at the [JOBS HUB].
Legend says that only few players actually own an Epic cache.
After joining the game, do the initial quest in the [Quest] tab for a chance to get gear for your first encounters.
Have a hard time clearing a dungeon? You can invite your friends inside by sending out a [GLOBAL INVITE] to the main chat.
Low on BTC? Get some by upgrading your 'Mining Skil' with Hash Processors.
You can always send items to your friends by going to their profile and click on [SEND GIFT].
Low on materials? You can always scavenge for them by going in the levels you visited. To scavenge always start with the lowest one.
Want to have your name colored in the chat? You can have that by donating monthly a fixed amount of money to the game.
Moderators in the chat are always in Pink colour.
Challenge dungeons always have a spooky boss. Never go alone in them.
Want to use a profile picture in your profile? You can do that by donating even 1€ to the game!
